Let's take an overview of what we will learn so far.
As you've seen spring is an amazing framework with the features allowing dependency injection and inversion
of control of the heart.
You took control away to spring.
And it takes care of all the wiring all the beans and managing the complexity all by itself.
On the other hand Springboro sits on top of the Spring Framework as an extension of it and provides
the ease of developing production grade applications for every type of task be it a complex web app
an API or a web service spring boot gives you the flexibility to combine all these components together.
You get the jars as the output and simply run it.
That said I hope you now have the foundation of the spring world and rather to build on top of it.
Now let's start by setting up our development and wireman to do that.
I'll see you on the next section.